ojo: Reds youngsters' rise is no surprise

Marcos Rojo insists that while the emergence of Manchester United's exciting
young stars this season may have come as a shock to many people, it has not
been a surprise within the club.

Prolific striker Marcus Rashford has, of course, grabbed most of the
headlines with his brilliant return of seven goals in 12 games at the tender
of 18, but others including Tim Fosu-Mensah, Jesse Lingard, Guillermo Varela
and Cameron Borthwick-Jackson have also excelled when given their
opportunity.

Their contributions have been vital in helping the Reds to reach this
weekend's Emirates FA Cup semi-final at Wembley and to stay in the fight for
a top-four finish, and Rojo has been impressed by what he's seen,
particularly from Rashford and Fosu-Mensah.

The Argentina defender told MUTV: "It might have come as a surprise to
everyone else, but certainly not us. It is not a surprise for us because
they have been training with us for a while so we had seen what they could
do.

"Tim has great maturity and copes really under pressure, while Marcus has
been vital for us and has brought us some important goals that came in
fantastic wins for us.

"They’ve been showing their qualities out there for the first team and in
important matches."

Since returning from an injury lay-off in February, versatile Rojo has been
a regular at left-back for United. He has helped the Reds earn the best
clean sheets record in the league and has high praise for the solid
central-defence partnership Chris Smalling and Daley Blind have formed this
term.

"What’s really worked is that their respective styles have complimented one
another," he explained. "You might say that Daley is not the most physical
of central defenders, but he makes up for that with his ability to play the
ball out of defence. Chris is a skilful player too, but he’s known for his
strength and power. Those two things really strike a great balance. 

"It is a good feeling [to have the clean sheets record] because we know that
we are doing our main job well. Yes, in some cases we need to get forward
and make chances, but we need to ensure that the opposition don’t score
against us. So we’re happy that aspect is going well."

MUTV will show the full Rojo interview in Match Day Live on Wednesday at
19:00 BST.
